Clarify section describing demultiplexing (#113)
AlexsLemonade/ScPCA-manuscript: content/04.methods.md

### Processing HTO data from multiplexed libraries

> To identify which cells come from which samples in a multiplexed library, we applied three different demultiplexing methods, genetic demultiplexing and HTO demultiplexing using `DropletUtils::hashedDrops()` and `Seurat::HTODemux()`.
> We do not actually separate the samples within a multiplexed library into separate `SingleCellExperiment` objects, so each multiplexed library contains the counts data from all samples and the results from all three demultiplexing methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To identify which cells come from which samples in a multiplexed library, we applied three different demultiplexing methods: genetic demultiplexing, HTO demultiplexing using `DropletUtils::hashedDrops()`, and  HTO demultiplexing using `Seurat::HTODemux()`.
We do not provide separate `SingleCellExperiment` objects for each sample in a library. 
Each multiplexed library object contains the counts data from all samples and the results from all three demultiplexing methods to allow users to select which method(s) to use.
```
